README.md, before:

# Banknote Price Checker

This tool checks prices for products on veikals.banknote.lv using custom filters and outputs results to separate files in both JSON and HTML formats.

## Installation

1. **Clone or download this repository.**
2. Open a terminal in the project directory.
3. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Option 1: Run with Node.js
To run the script:
```sh
npm start
```

### Option 2: Run with Docker Compose (no Dockerfile)
If you have Docker installed, you can run the application in a container using a prebuilt Node image:

**Start:**
```sh
docker-compose up
```

**Run in background:**
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

**Stop:**
```sh
docker-compose down
```

Results will be saved in the `results/` directory, with one file per config entry.

### Output Formats
- **JSON:** Each config entry produces a `*_results.json` file with the raw filtered data.
- **HTML:** Each config entry also produces a `*_results.html` file with a presentable table view of the results. Open these files in your browser for a clean, readable format.

The HTML generation logic is modularized in `htmlGenerator.js`. You can customize the table output by editing this file.

### Pagination
- The fetcher automatically paginates by adding/incrementing the `page` query parameter and requesting pages `1, 2, ...` until the API indicates all items are returned (when `to === total`) or the optional `last_page` is reached.
- You do not need to include `page` in your `filter` URL; if present, it will be overwritten during pagination.
- Example source endpoints used during pagination:
  - `https://veikals.banknote.lv/lv/filter-products?page=1&per_page=120&search=macbook&min_price=0&max_price=9500`
  - `https://veikals.banknote.lv/lv/filter-products?page=2&per_page=120&search=macbook&min_price=0&max_price=9500`

## Configuration: `config.json`

The `config.json` file is an array of filter objects. Each object can have the following fields:

- `title` (string, required): A descriptive name for this filter. Used for naming the result file (in snake_case).
- `filter` (string, required): The filter query string after `/lv/` in the veikals.banknote.lv URL (e.g., `filter-products?...`).
- `max_price` (number, required): Maximum price for results.
- `search_params` (array of strings, required): List of keywords or article numbers to search for in the product title or article.
- `exclude_params` (array of strings, optional): List of keywords to exclude from results (e.g., to skip certain models).
- `city` (string, optional): Only include results from branches in this city (case-insensitive, matches substring).

Notes:
- The `page` parameter is managed automatically by the script during pagination and can be omitted from your `filter`.
- The price threshold compares against the product's `price` field.

### Example `config.json`
```json
[
  {
    "title": "MacBook Results",
    "filter": "filter-products?per_page=120&search=MacBook&min_price=0&max_price=9500&sort=1&item_conditions=0,2,1",
    "max_price": 500,
    "search_params": ["a2337", "a2338", "m2", "m1", "m3", "m4"],
    "exclude_params": [],
    "city": "Rīga"
  }
]
```

You can add multiple filter objects to the array for different searches. Each will produce its own result file in the `results/` directory.

Commit message:

Update README to include generated reports section for iPhone and MacBook results

README.md, after:

# Banknote Price Checker

This tool checks prices for products on veikals.banknote.lv using custom filters and outputs results to separate files in both JSON and HTML formats.

## Generated Reports

- [Iphone Results](./results/iphone_results.html)
- [MacBook Results](./results/macbook_results.html)

# Banknote Price Checker

This project automatically checks for product prices on banknote.lv and
## Installation

1. **Clone or download this repository.**
2. Open a terminal in the project directory.
3. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Option 1: Run with Node.js
To run the script:
```sh
npm start
```

### Option 2: Run with Docker Compose (no Dockerfile)
If you have Docker installed, you can run the application in a container using a prebuilt Node image:

**Start:**
```sh
docker-compose up
```

**Run in background:**
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

**Stop:**
```sh
docker-compose down
```

Results will be saved in the `results/` directory, with one file per config entry.

### Output Formats
- **JSON:** Each config entry produces a `*_results.json` file with the raw filtered data.
- **HTML:** Each config entry also produces a `*_results.html` file with a presentable table view of the results. Open these files in your browser for a clean, readable format.

The HTML generation logic is modularized in `htmlGenerator.js`. You can customize the table output by editing this file.

### Pagination
- The fetcher automatically paginates by adding/incrementing the `page` query parameter and requesting pages `1, 2, ...` until the API indicates all items are returned (when `to === total`) or the optional `last_page` is reached.
- You do not need to include `page` in your `filter` URL; if present, it will be overwritten during pagination.
- Example source endpoints used during pagination:
  - `https://veikals.banknote.lv/lv/filter-products?page=1&per_page=120&search=macbook&min_price=0&max_price=9500`
  - `https://veikals.banknote.lv/lv/filter-products?page=2&per_page=120&search=macbook&min_price=0&max_price=9500`

## Configuration: `config.json`

The `config.json` file is an array of filter objects. Each object can have the following fields:

- `title` (string, required): A descriptive name for this filter. Used for naming the result file (in snake_case).
- `filter` (string, required): The filter query string after `/lv/` in the veikals.banknote.lv URL (e.g., `filter-products?...`).
- `max_price` (number, required): Maximum price for results.
- `search_params` (array of strings, required): List of keywords or article numbers to search for in the product title or article.
- `exclude_params` (array of strings, optional): List of keywords to exclude from results (e.g., to skip certain models).
- `city` (string, optional): Only include results from branches in this city (case-insensitive, matches substring).

Notes:
- The `page` parameter is managed automatically by the script during pagination and can be omitted from your `filter`.
- The price threshold compares against the product's `price` field.

### Example `config.json`
```json
[
  {
    "title": "MacBook Results",
    "filter": "filter-products?per_page=120&search=MacBook&min_price=0&max_price=9500&sort=1&item_conditions=0,2,1",
    "max_price": 500,
    "search_params": ["a2337", "a2338", "m2", "m1", "m3", "m4"],
    "exclude_params": [],
    "city": "Rīga"
  }
]
```

You can add multiple filter objects to the array for different searches. Each will produce its own result file in the `results/` directory.
